added a list to the list (#6)
shiffman/anti-racism-reading-list: README.md

* [Carceral Capitalism ](https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/carceral-capitalism) by Jackie Wang
* [A brief history of how racism manifests itself in design and how we can learn from it](https://uxplanet.org/a-brief-history-of-how-racism-manifests-itself-in-design-and-how-we-can-learn-from-it-141b1b5ddd4b) by Amrutha Pal

## Lists of books on wider issues of racial justice and tech 

> The main list focuses on machine learning and surveillance. Here are some other resources for tech related readings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main list focuses on readings related to the internet, computation, and algorithms. Here are some other resources for related readings outside of that scope. 
```

Reviewer: Is this an ok rewording?

Author: That's good for me.
